Update readme with revised equation (#2)
MaartenGr/cTFIDF: README.md

However, this allows us to start looking at TF-IDF from a class-based perspective.

Then, instead of applying TF-IDF to the newly created long documents, we replace inverse document frequency with an inverse class frequency to measure how much information a term provides to a class.

> All these changes to TF-IDF results in the following formula: 

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add the paper that was used.

```suggestion
All these changes to TF-IDF were discussed in this [paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05794.pdf) and result in the following formula: 
```
